We also wanted to give them a framework in
which some previous concepts in
those who put together the list one of the
concepts is that they should be the majority
of the holders of the tie is
a matter of contract with with the
Korean provision is a bit we do not
they asked for that so a little the list
aimed to maintain that
It should also serve to gather the
before the match with the
September games is the only
opportunity that we have
for being our only match also if
had to do any test some
try or see some alternative not
we could miss the opportunity the list
also contemplate this alternative
see something else
vargas is not on the list is true
talked to him of course because
we want it to be good to recover
I worked train I actually trained
here a few days he had to travel no no
is living a very circumstance
special we are trying to encourage them
hold it but good no no it's not in
conditions of being summoned do not know no
he has been summoned that is the truth Juan
When I arrived, you asked me to
capital or do not remember
so a lot of things have happened that are not
have been good for him or good for
we have tried we have
endeavored to death for helping him because
after recovering it
convinced that it is the best option
that we have for more than they are
appearing some variants that
we have to start seeing but it's
going through a difficult moment of which no
we are very sorry about this, I think that
overcome in some problems I think
which is let's say again in a good
moment but is paying what is
that was not right and he is aware of
that and good if we can help it we go
to help but the effort no doubt what
have to do get a club play
they are in condition and above all
train us what we have
already recommended in some way so that
be in the best possible shape
today the situation is this and he took a
decision regarding this situation
We will see later how they are
I had the weekend was four days
Brazil now I spoke shift Yotún
he was playing with a muscle injury
but he has been in the bank the last
party is able to travel not
will have more problem
I also spoke with Ramirez and with a dream
to which with warriors of course
which is also n with him with the ability
link was in the concentration stem
and the matches played very well the three
warriors you may have seen
that came out at 62 minutes and so on
I was very happy because of the link that I
I think it 's a big game cachito had
a good performance too
we share the things that I wanted
share with them prior to the trip and
well the truth is that it was a very
happy to have gone made an effort
important because you have to move in a
very large city traveling to the countryside
to see match and concentration in
stadiums and others but I'm very happy to
have gone
I have also taken contact with a
number of players who have spoken
lately these days and it's all good
is a little trying to take this
trip in korea to get together and
talk about what's coming and how much
chance we have and how much there is
play in these September games